Objective

To get students to "think evangelistically" (whenever they meet someone, no matter where it is, they should think about how they might be able to preach to this person)
Keep church flyers/calendar card with you; be prepared when an opportunity comes
Be bold and courageous; When you start saying "buts" or asking "what ifs", remind yourself: "Must I go and empty-handed?"
Memory Verse

And I, brethren, when I came to you, did not come with excellence of speech or of wisdom declaring to you the testimony of God. - 1 Corinthians 2:1

Brainstorming/Ideas from TG

Think evangelistically: http://tjcevangelize.tumblr.com/post/3461064275/think-evangelistically
worksheet 1/activity
bring out how Paul preached to all kinds of people; business people, commoners, Jews, Greeks, Gentiles, philosophers, intellectuals, prominent women, city officials
what kinds of people do we interact with on a regular basis? (friends at school, asian/non-asian peers, teachers, sport team coaches, teammates, other parents)
bring out the many different kinds of places he preached (synagogues, riverside, public square, prison, marketplace)
what places do we spend time at on a regular basis? (school, mall, community/sports center, grocery store, bus or train, barber, rental car, restaurant)
say in a given month
maybe make a poem?
worksheet 3/activity: choose a type of person and write a letter/email to that person introducing the gospel to them
Game/quiz - important Bible verses to know from memory
way to introduce our church is that our teachings are strictly from the Bible; people may ask us where in the Bible our doctrines are recorded.
some sort of 3-in-a-row game
Make your own Bible verse card
if students have been asked a question that they were not sure how to answer at the time, take the time to find a few verses that address the question



Story time (10 minutes)
*Close your eyes*

Imagine that you and a bunch of other people were flying in an airplane, and everything went wrong. The communications and electronics failed all of a sudden, and the engines died inexplicably. The pilot was forced to crash land immediately and the plane ends up in the desert. The plane suffers too much damage from the landing, but thankfully, everyone survives. But now there is another problem: how to survive long enough until help arrives.?

There is no signal for cell phones or satellite communications or GPS, and eventually everyone's electronics run out of battery. The airplane has some leftover food to ration, but everyone knows what they need to do: they need to find water. But the question is how? The desert was so vast and barren without any sign of moisture in sight.

In desperation, people begin to break off into groups to search on their own. You and a few others do the same; the only hope for survival is to find water. 

Your search with your small group goes on for an entire day; an entire day of nothing but walking, shielding your eyes from the sun, and fighting against the unbearable heat. With each passing hour everyone becomes even more thirsty, but you must continue to search because the alternative is death.

Then one day, you find a a footprint trail left by some animals, almost as if a herd had traveled passed by. You decide to follow the trail because it might lead to water, thinking maybe the animals know where to find it. The trail goes out as far as the eye can see, but you are determined to follow it to the end. Feeling hopeful, you begin the trek!

About a day passes and you are still following the trail. You know you don't have much time left, since the body can only live so long without water. Finally, you see the end of the trail curving behind a small mound, and you think you make out the tail of an animal. Excitement starts to come over you at the sign of life and the prospect of water! You draw closer, and closer, and closer, until at last, you reach the mound. But what you see through your wearied eyes causes all hope and excitement to become drained out of your body. There are many animals, yes, but they are dead. You realize then that they had all died of thirst. You and your friends crumble to the ground in despair. There was no water to be found, and everyone sensed their outcome was going to be like that of the animals.

Without knowing what else to do, you wander away to begin another random search for anything. As you wander, you see more and more signs of death. Dried bones and skulls on every side. And then, your friend sees it; a brief but sharp glimmer. Could it be water? Everyone continues to draw closer to where they thought they saw the gleam. Closer, and closer, and closer, and then all of a sudden, your foot step causes a soft splash. At last, water has been found. Immediately everyone in your group drops down to drink, each gulp restoring a little more life in your body. As your eyesight becomes clear again, you see there is water in abundance! Who would've thought there could be so much water here?

After everyone has drank their fill and marveled at such wonderful fortune, you begin to wonder about the other people who were stranded. Did they find water? You look around and there are no other footprints but your own and those with you - nobody else had found this place yet. You think and ask yourself...what should we do? Is it worth risking getting lost again in the desert? Finally, your conscience tells you you must try. You cannot keep this crucial discovery to yourself. There is enough water for all, enough to save everyone from dying of thirst. To stay and enjoy the water by yourselves is equivalent to leaving the rest to die. And so, you arise and set out, making careful note of the location. You retrace your steps in search of people who maybe wandering and at the brink of death.

You and your friends search for a few hours but find no one. What if we were too late? Is there anyone left who is still alive? You reach the point where you first saw the animal footprints. Then, in the distance, you see several hobbling shapes looming over the horizon. Yes! There are still others!
 
*eyes still closed, ask the students* What do you feel like doing the most at this moment? What will you say to these people? (students answer)
 
Then you turn your head towards the direction where the animal trail goes off, and you make out many more people following the trail, the trail which you know does not lead to water.
 
* eyes still closed* How does this make you feel? What do you feel like you need to do? (students answer, eyes still closed)
 
*Open your eyes.* Discuss the story and the answers. Tie it to preaching and Paul's motivation.

Luke 16:19-31 (Rich man and Lazarus), and the letter from a "Hurt Friend"

Dear ____,
Remember me? We saw each other often and knew each other well. We used to share secrets; well, most of the time anyways. But when I was sad, you never told me Jesus Christ could give me joy. When I was scared, you never told me Jesus Christ could give me courage. When I was lonely, you never mentioned Jesus Christ wanted to be with me always. When I got tired of dealing with the pressures of life, you never told me Jesus Christ could give me strength and wisdom. When I was alive, you never told me Jesus Christ could give me eternal life. Why didn't you tell me?
 
Think about all the activities we do with our friends and the things we talk about. Have we ever invited them to come to church with us? Have we ever told them about the Lord Jesus who has blessed us so much, and how important it is to seek Him?
 
Imagine that after the end of the world you are able to communicate with someone you know who did not believe in God. How will you answer when they ask, "Why didn't you tell me about Jesus?" 
 
Why did Paul feel obligated to preach? Why did Jesus commission us to preach?
The people of the world are lost. When Paul was converted, he realized just how lost he was before, and how his pursuit was in the wrong direction. After receiving the truth, he knew the right way and and saw how everyone needed to know the true way.

14 How then shall they call on Him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in Him of whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? 15 And how shall they preach unless they are sent? As it is written: 
          “How beautiful are the feet of those who preach the gospel of peace, 
          Who bring glad tidings of good things!” 
- Romans 10:14-15

People need the gospel. Their souls need it. This is why God wants us to preach. We don't preach for God's sake; we preach for people's sakes.

Like Paul in Athens.
Worksheet 1/Review - What kinds of places did Paul preach in? What kinds of people did Paul preach to? (5 min worksheet, 5 min to compile people/places list, 10-15 min for poem, 2 min to share, ~25 min total)
Students should also make a list of the places they go to within a given month, as well as the kinds of people they interact with
a piece of paper with all the places listed
a separate sheet with the kinds of people they interact with and meet
a separate sheet for the poem, with the first stanza and spaces for the remaining stanzas
As a class (or in pairs Ben + Victoria, Ruth + Austin), try to write a poem that incorporates as many places and people that we can preach in and to
When Paul was traveling to Damascus, he was blinded by a light
After he came to know the Lord Jesus, he began to proclaim His might.
A second journey, to regions beyond, he went to spread the good news.
He preached to all people; tentmakers and jailers, philosophers, officials, and Jews. 
Suggested stanza topics to fill in
<students work together to come up with a stanza using places and people they itneract with>(4 lines)
<students work together to write a stanza summarizing why we preach and why people need the gospel>(2-4 lines)
<time permitting, students write 2 lines about how not everyone may listen, but God will guide us (like how he guided Paul in Acts 16:6-10)>(2 lines)
Think evangelistically - whoever you meet, wherever you are, think about how you can introduce the gospel. Be prepared; carry calendar cards with you.
Bible verses for doctrines/sacraments
Simple Sinatra app to randomly generate a few topics/verses. Have a contest; how many can each student get in 1 minute. Have another student keep tally for the one who is going.
Before starting, turn to each verse and read together.

Homework: Worksheet 3 - writing a letter to someone (students can also choose to pretend to write to another kind of person that they feel better describes their friends)
